For the first time, the company will offer a paid version of the service, a departure from its longtime philosophy of giving its A.I. away for free.
14h agoBy
For the first time, the company will offer a paid version of the service, a departure from its longtime philosophy of giving its A.I. away for free.
14h agoBy
Free apps from Google, Samsung and Apple can help you track your diet, exercise and well-being — and provide vital information during emergencies.
23h agoBy
The social platform that Meta once positioned as a rival to Elon Musk’s X now has 500 million monthly users. It increasingly resembles Reddit.
July 5, 2026By
Amid widespread “techlash” over addictive screens and apps, the Yoto, an audio player for children, shows there’s still a way to make money while doing something nice.
July 1, 2026By Brian X. Chen and
Cumbersome car seats are a perennial headache for parents who take trips with their little ones, but the right gear and a little creativity can ease the burden.
July 1, 2026By
The company’s new A.I. image generator has a surprising twist: It allows people to use images from public Instagram accounts.
By Eli Tan
Even before OpenAI and Anthropic go public, they are distorting home sales in the San Francisco Bay Area, as people race to buy and sellers ask for stock instead of cash.
By Emmy Martin
Muse Image, which can create realistic images for users on Instagram and WhatsApp, is the company’s latest attempt to catch up in the global artificial intelligence race.
By Eli Tan
A Supreme Court ruling that presidents can fire independent regulators without cause has added volatility for industries that prefer stable enforcement.
By David McCabe and Steve Lohr
U.S. companies complain that competitors in China are unfairly copying their A.I. systems using a technique that has been around for years.
By Cade Metz
The layoffs were part of wider cuts at Microsoft, as the company prioritizes spending on artificial intelligence.
By Karen Weise and Zachary Small
What we learned from the government’s biggest attempt yet to control who can gain access to the most powerful new A.I. models.
By Kevin Roose, Casey Newton, Whitney Jones, Rachel Cohn, Vjeran Pavic, Alyssa Moxley, Dan Powell, Elisheba Ittoop and Rowan Niemisto
Other U.S. companies will soon need to provide similar reports as a new European directive takes effect.
By Jesse Drucker and Karen Weise
A front-door video camera of the crash, which killed a woman inside her home, showed the Tesla plowing into a house through its driveway.
By Alexandra E. Petri
As triple-digit temperatures engulf much of the United States, the Trump administration wants grid managers to require the use of backup power that often goes unused.
By Ivan Penn and Hilary Howard